Raspbian (for Uyuni) (#2607)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/registration-overview-raspbian.adoc

[[raspbian-registration-overview]]
= Raspbian OS Client Registration

You can register {raspbian} clients to your {productname} Server.

> The method and details varies depending on the operating system of the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method and details depend on the operating system of the client.
```
